Optimization:
In addition to their remarkable acoustic sensing and navigation abilities, bats are highly agile and capable fliers, achieving flight efficiency that exceeds that of not only the rest of the animal kingdom, but of all robots as well. We seek to design a robot inspired by the biological capabilites of bats to achieve artificial flapping flight. Coupled with the kinematic and dynamic data collection array, we design a process for optimizing the design of bat wings for efficient flight. We first identify multiple fitness functions such as flap speed and air subtended throughout a wing cycle, and then optimize the size and shape of a wing to achieve desired setpoints of the fitness functions. An inverse kinematics design process can then be run to create a single degree of freedom cyclic mechanism that will achieve the desired wing flap and fold functions. This allows us to define fitness function objectives for both engineering design requirements (weight, lift, etc.) and biologically inspired goals (wing flexibility, taughtness over flap cycle, similarity to bat flight). With this we can procedurally design a bat robot based on updated understandings of the key features of bat flight, leading to a streamlined production process when combined with rapid manufacturing approaches. This also allows for the direct comparison for a traditional engineering design approach, and a bioinspired robot design approach to illustrate the need to understand the biology we are immitating.

Bat Robot:
Replicating a Bat's ability to fly is a difficult but rewarding application of bioinspired engineering. Bats are nature's most efficient fliers, attaining a level of agility and navigational prowess that can only be dreamed of for robotic applications. We take another step towards achieving this dream by presenting the design of a bat-inspired robot. We address the many engineering requirements for a flying robot such as weight to power relationship, balance and weight distribution, and flapping cycle performmance. Our design implements a mechanism to translate continuous motion from a single degree of freedom into both wing flapping and folding motion. Combined with 3D printing, the design is flexible with interchangeable parts that will change the wing motion profile when altered. The design presented here can thus serve as a base design for future iterations of the robot that can reach higher flying performance, such as designing a wing shape and motion profile that achieves aerodynamic requirements, or adding additional degrees of freedom of motion to the robot.

(Maybe look at power output of wing over time, can present data taken in array)


Illuminati Pyramid:



Array:
Bats have impressive sensing, navigational, and dynamic flying abilities that are a unique combination within the animal kingdom. While we know that bat flight is very effecient and effective, we still do not understand the exact mechanisms through which the bats are able to produce this behavior. To begin to measure this behavior we present the design, construction process, and initial results from a flight tunnel equipped with 50 high-speed cameras, 40 hypersonic microphones, and 40 flickerless lights. Such a measurement device will allow for taking video of a bat during flight from every angle. Pairing with camera data processesing and machine learning techniques, these videos will allow for the model reconstruction and exact tracking of the motion of a bat through flying and navigational experiments.The understanding gained from such a tool can then be used as inspiration for designing robots that attain flight based on the same principles that bat flight uses. This camera array will allow for gaining a full understanding of a bat's sensing, flight, navigation, and environment modelling abilities, which will lead to a more holistic bioinspired approach to robot design. 

